# Disclaimer

**THIS IS NOT AN ACTUAL STABLECOIN AND THE SOURCE CODE IS NOT FOR ANY ACTUAL STABLECOIN OR ANY OTHER CRYPTOCURRENCY, CURRENCY OR UNDERLYING ASSET, THIS IS ONLY A SIMULATION FOR TESTING AND EDUCATION PURPOSES.**

**The source code and any other materials provided herein are intended solely for testing, simulation, and educational purposes.** The source code and any other materials are made available to users with the understanding that they may contain errors, bugs, or other flaws that could impact their functionality and reliability. This source code should not be utilized for production environments or real-world applications.

Users are advised to exercise caution and discretion when using this source code. While it may serve as a valuable resource for learning and experimentation, it is not suitable for any other purpose, and should never be used for deployment in critical systems or situations where reliability and security are paramount.

Stablecoins issued via this source code should not be used as an investment or financial instrument. Such stablecoins are not actual stablecoins or currency or commodities of any kind, they are purely simulated stablecoins for testing and educational purposes.

This project is not affiliated with any stablecoin, any other cryptocurrency, currency or commodity, or any other financial instrument or any financial service, and it does not constitute a review on the security or integrity of any particular stablecoin project or any other cryptocurrency, currency or commodity, or any related underlying asset. Users are urged to use caution and to not transfer any actual assets to the contracts associated with this project. All interactions with these contracts should be done with the understanding that they are for testing, simulation and educational purposes only.

**NEITHER THE SOURCE CODE NOR ANYTHING CONTAINED IN ANY DOCUMENTATION OR OTHER MATERIALS RELATED THERETO SHALL BE DEEMED OR RELIED UPON AS ANY FORM OF FINANCIAL, TAX, LEGAL, REGULATORY, OR OTHER ADVICE.**

**THE SOURCE CODE AND ANY DOCUMENTATION OR OTHER MATERIALS RELATED THERETO ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SOURCE CODE OR MATERIALS RELATED THERETO WILL BE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOURCE CODE AND ANY RELATED MATERIALS AND YOUR USE THEREOF, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SOURCE CODE OR RELATED MATERIALS AND WE WILL ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES OR LOSSES ARISING FROM THE USE OF THE SOURCE CODE OR RELATED MATERIALS, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DATA LOSS, SYSTEM DOWNTIME, OR SECURITY BREACHES.**

**LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY.**  IN NO EVENT WILL WE OR OUR AFFILIATES, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING LOST PROFIT, LOST REVENUE, LOSS OF DATA, OR OTHER DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE SOURCE CODE OR RELATED MATERIALS, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  CERTAIN US STATE LAWS AND INTERNATIONAL LAWS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
By accessing and utilizing this source code and related materials, users agree to do so at their own risk and take full responsibility for any consequences that may result.
